Previously on Sons of Anarchy...
-CHIBS: You guys all alone?
-GIB: Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
It's just us tonight.
-TOM: Found the house.
-JAX: Was the crew there?
TOM: One of 'em.
Shotgun hole in the chest.
-BOBBY: Jury?
-What's up, Bobby?
BOBBY:
Gonna need some intel
about those guys who helped us
with the Chinese?
I knew the one guy a little bit.
Gibby!
Name was Gib O'Leary.
BOBBY: Figuring out how he
disappeared
-should shed some light.
-HAPPY: We're gonna find out
who ratted us out to Lin.
(gunshots, indistinct yelling)
UNSER: Juice fired shots
at some CHPs.
He went full mute as soon
as they put cuffs on him.
Probably best he's inside.
Maybe the boy will get his head
straight in there.
Relax.
I'm a friend of Tully's.
JAX:
I need your help to stop Marks.
Just having proof that there's
a body on one of his properties
is not gonna be
enough of a threat.
But if you sign a statement,
that's gonna be enough
to back Marks off.
We have a cabin.
I'll have my mom come out.
She can help taper you
off the junk.
She's done it
with a few of my guys.
That's what keeps you safe.
Here.
Give this to August.
If he comes with force
or refuses to meet,
tell him that goes to the D.A.
-(tires screeching)
-Whoa!
(grunting)
MOSES:
My name's Moses Cartwright.
I'm the head of Mr. Marks'
security team.
His reply to your request
is in the package.
(Bobby screaming)
♪ ♪
Tell your CPO I'm ready to talk.
GUARD:
Fine.
(heavy door opens)
You know, the club
ain't gonna give you shit.
You might as well just kill me.
Due process.
♪ ♪
Hey, brother.
Happy and Rat
are on their way back.
Still trying
to track down Tyler.
How could I not see this coming?
I'm out of my depth here, man.
This is not on you, Jackie.
How can it not be?
I completely underestimated
August.
He's smarter than I am.
Zero vulnerabilities.
He's got no family.
No one close to him.
It's the perfect move.
He knows how tight the club is.
How much I love my guys.
You can't let this
pull you off track, Jackie.
Those guys downstairs...
they need you focused...
and strong.
Look what I've done, man.
Diosa...
Colette...
West.
Now Bobby.
(chuckles)
Hey.
Bobby knows the risks.
We all do.
And we're all still here.
Some of us.
I can't risk anyone else...
You can't risk not to.
If you cave now,
everything we've done
over the past few weeks...
...all be for nothing.
Why did we start this?
Tara.
Right.
And the brutality
that was done to your family...
...that's not finished.
Marks?
He's just part of this now.
Sons of Anarchy
have a duty, brother.
A mission.
And we need our goddamn leader.
I love you, Filip.
I love you, too, Jackson.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye. ♪
(door closes)
TIG:
Hey.
Montez is up at the cabin
with Gemma.
I got Quinn
with Wendy and the boys.
Yeah.
I put Tacoma with Lyla
in the garage.
Good.
Sorry about Bobby, man.
Yeah.
So, you talk to Marks?
Just his new commando leader.
What do we know
about Moses Cartwright?
Ex-military.
Special ops.
Blackwater graduate.
So is his team.
Shit.
That's a serious résumé.
What does August want?
What do you think he wants?
The dead pastor and his family.
That photo and statement
set him on fire, man.
I never seen him do nothing
like this before.
Moses said for every 24 hours
August has to wait,
he's gonna cut off another part
of your guy.
Means you got until
the end of the day.
Jesus Christ.
We need to find out
where they're holding Bobby.
Already got my guys on it,
scoping out
Pope's office buildings
and construction sites.
JAX:
What about safe houses?
Pope had a couple
outside Oakland.
Yeah, those got
compromised a while back.
But we'll still check 'em.
JAll right.
Thank you.
You know, I'm with you
on Marks, Jax.
But I don't know how much longer
I'm gonna be able to keep
playing double agent.
CHIBS:
Niners are the only ones
that can get us close to Marks
so we can get Bobby back.
Yeah, I know,
but with this new kill squad
on the street,
they're gonna put it together
that I'm helping you.
There's no half-in, Tyler.
You want business after Marks,
we do this together
or you're on your own.
All right.
I'll let you know
what we find out.
(sighs)
(clears throat)
All right.
Jax, we heard from Coletti.
The bounty hunter
with Bobby's ex.
He's got intel on the guy
that we used
for the Chinese in Selma.
Not today.
Jackie.
There's nothing we can do
for Bobby right now.
Until we hear back from Tyler...
If we track down
whoever ratted us out to Lin,
we can shut another door.
HAPPY: We need
to find the rat, pres.
He could be the one feeding
intel to Marks, too.
This shit should've been
handled already.
All right.
Bring Coletti here.
I'll call him.
Yes, you do that.
(sighs)
Gemma say why she was there?
Club thing.
She didn't give me any details,
but she did say she was safe
and that Juice
didn't say anything
about us helping him.
Yeah, for now.
He requested to talk to me
and the new sheriff.
I'm guessing it's about making
some kind of deal.
Why did Juice shoot
at those cops?
He's playing something
out for Jax.
That's the only reason
he ain't dead.
Hey.
WENDY:
Hey, you got more in the car?
-QUINN: Nah.
-BROOKE: No, that's it.
-Thank you.
-QUINN: Sure.
Be out front if you need me.
Um, did the school call here?
I don't know.
I was in the shower.
Why?
I guess something
happened again.
They're sending Abel home.
Oh, shit.
You need a lift?
Uh, no, they said
it's got to be Jax or Gemma.
Legal guardians.
It sounded serious.
Okay.
(sighs)
You mind?
You ever serve?
I already know the answer.
Infantry boot for Grenada.
Never deployed.
Reserves for ten years.
I bring up the combat reference
to make a point.
We're at war, you and me.
The eye?
That's all about
expediting a solution.
I don't know you.
I never will.
But if I have to kill you,
it won't be personal.
It'll be in the service
of my current commander.
Oh, come on, is that really
the line of bullshit
you buy into...
every day?
You look in the mirror,
you tell yourself,
"I'm not a bad guy."
You ain't a soldier.
You're a scumbag
with a few paid skills.
Thug like the rest of us.
You're right.
That's why we grabbed you.
You're the one
with brains and reason.
Teller needs you.
Can't be that smart.
I'm sitting here,
talking to you.
Come on, Munson.
You know how this plays out.
Teller will spin his wheels
for the rest of the day,
trying to track down
where you are.
(Bobby exhales)
Then I take off
another body part.
He gets that, it breaks him.
Tells me what I want to know.
You can save him
a lot of remorse,
and yourself any further
debilitation.
We've narrowed it down to four
possible construction sites.
However, it would be a bit
time-consuming and conspicuous
to go bulldozing acres
of city land looking for a body.
(Bobby chuckles)
Maybe you accidentally
put your cigarette out
on the right location.
We get what we want,
and we can all go home
and sleep in our own beds.
BOBBY:
You took my eye out.
I didn't tell you anything.
You think this little
twinkie-dinkie heart-to-heart
will push me your way?
MOSES:
I hope so.
I know how important it is
for members to ride.
I'd hate to see you lose
that clutch hand.
BOBBY:
You're right.
This is about war.
And maybe tomorrow,
next month,
maybe ten years from now,
someone wearing a reaper
will cut your heart out.
Give me the location
of the pastor.
And just maybe you'll be the one
holding the knife.
(door closes)
(laughing)
This kid, O'Leary,
where'd you last see him?
Selma.
He helped us with a job.
That makes sense.
That's where his VA checks
were going.
He was a vet?
Yeah, Iraqi Freedom.
Had a few juvie priors
before he enlisted.
He's been MIA a couple weeks.
CHIBS:
How about family
or old war buddies?
COLETTI:
Nothing on his friends.
Mom's off the grid.
Renee O'Leary.
She popped up for a marriage
license two years ago.
Her husband, Carl Egan,
did a five-year stretch
at Corcoran
for running guns
across state lines.
Arms dealer?
COLETTI:
Not to sell.
To distribute for the cause.
One of those militia whack jobs.
He's got a compound
north of Lockeford.
No street address,
just rural roads
and county markers.
These guys, they like to think
they're ghosts,
but they forget
that there's this little thing
called Google Earth.
Watches you piss
in the middle of the night.
This is good work, man.
COLETTI:
Thanks.
Thank you.
Can you ask Bobby
to reach out to Precious?
Insurance doesn't cover
the kid's inhalers anymore.
I mean, this helps,
but she asked me to mention it.
Yeah, sure.
We'll let him know.
COLETTI:
Appreciate it.
Take care, guys.
All right.
Let's take a ride.
I want you to smoke this.
Give you a nice little rush.
Keep those deep bends
from hurting.
(sighs)
Yeah.
Now you keep drinking water.
These bananas, too,
if you can stomach 'em.
(grunts)
(sighs)
I got clean sheets
out in the closet
in the front room.
Gonna need to change these.
Okay.
Thank you for helping us.
Well, you must be
important to Jax.
Otherwise, I wouldn't be here.
You must think
I'm an awful mother.
It's not my place to judge.
We all fall down.
It's about how we get up.
He's really...
a good man.
Grant.
My son.
That's the hardest thing.
Knowing my weakness
has driven him to violence.
It's not his nature.
(phone rings)
That's what we do
when our family needs us.
Things we wouldn't do otherwise.
Well, sometimes
those things are a mistake.
An impulse that just causes
more chaos.
Doesn't matter what happens.
It's why we did it.
That's what counts.
(knocking)
Wendy's on the house phone.
Yeah, okay.
Stay focused
on what's in front of you.
Get well.
That's how you help your boy.
(engines turn off)
Looks quiet.
HAPPY:
Too quiet.
Maybe the revolution
took a day off.
(automatic gunfire)
Get down!
-(gunfire stops)
-TIG: Jesus.
What the hell you shooting for?!
We just want to talk!
About Gib O'Leary!
-(gunfire burst)
-CHIBS: Hey!
We got no beef
with anyone in there!
TIG:
Whoa.
Guess they don't
feel like talking.
No. What do you want
to do now, Jackie?
(dirt bike approaching)
Who's this?
Ma?!
Get the hell out of there!
Denny!
Put it down.
CARL:
You stupid shithead!
Put it down.
JAX: We got five guns pointed
at a kid out here!
All we want to do is talk!
We're not going to hurt anyone!
CARL:
Let the kid go,
I'll come out!
You ain't exactly earned
my trust yet, bro!
Put the gun down!
CARL:
Not until you let him go.
Put down the gun, Carl.
I'll cut you in your sleep,
old man.
Get over here, Denny.
Sorry, Mom.
You get inside.
-This asshole...
-(Denny grunts)
-...could've gotten us killed!
-(gunshot)
TIG:
Go ahead.
Hit him again.
Tig.
Are you Gib's mom?
RENEE:
Yeah.
What the hell is all this?
RENEE:
Carl is Gibby's stepdad.
His real dad is a member
of your club.
Called me about a week ago,
said Gib was killed.
Happened on a job, and he had
to get rid of the body.
Keep it quiet.
I didn't get to say good-bye
to my boy.
(voice cracking): I couldn't
give him a proper burial.
I was pissed off,
and I threatened
to call the cops.
Which... clearly
I would never do.
Figured you guys were...
(clears throat)
...here to keep me quiet.
Who is his father?
Jury White.
I mean,
if you ain't here for Jury,
what do you want to know
about Gib?
RAT BOY:
He-he was a friend of mine.
We did boot together.
I've been trying
to track him down.
Oh.
I'm sorry, son.
(phone ringing)
Yeah, me, too.
Look, will you do me a favor?
Don't tell Jury we were here.
I'd like to pay my respects
in person.
I never talk to him.
I'm sorry for
the hostile welcoming.
Carl gets a little paranoid.
JAX:
Yeah, I can see that.
I'm sorry for your loss.
Quick thinking, Rat.
Thanks.
Tyler.
So far,
he's coming up empty on Bobby.
So...
Jury must've been the one
that took Gib's body
from the house,
saw Lin's heroin...
Maybe he put it together.
He's the only other one
who knew where we were
storing the Chinese guns.
Call Jury.
Have him meet us halfway.
Sutter Creek or Pine Grove,
somewhere quiet.
Just him and his VP.
Tell him it's urgent.
(quietly): Okay.
That I need, uh...
counsel on how
to handle the Triads.
Aye.
What're you gonna do, Jax?
I'm going to find out
if our rat's wearing a reaper.
Come on.
Mrs. Morrow.
It's Teller.
HARRISON:
I'm sorry.
Could I speak with you
for a moment?
Um, alone?
We'll be in the car.
-All right.
-Come on, buddy.
Come on.
Did you speak
to the head of school?
GEMMA:
Mmm. Yeah.
And your shrink.
They think the kid
needs evaluating.
Was that your call?
I just report
what I observe.
Some bully got in his face
and he stood up for himself.
Abel hit the kid
with a metal lunchbox.
It put a gash in his head.
It was unprovoked.
Nothing is unprovoked,
sweetheart.
HARRISON:
Look, Abel's a good kid.
We all know that.
But clearly losing his mom
has affected him deeply.
GEMMA: I don't need a shrink
to tell me that.
Mrs. Teller, we all want Abel
to succeed here.
GEMMA:
You know what I want?
I want teachers and shrinks
and pompous assholes
to stop judging my grandson.
HARRISON:
That's the sort of aggression
he learns to imitate.
Good.
Next time I'll make sure
you're the one
he slams with a lunchbox.
(urinating)
(Rat Boy sighs)
(phone beeps, closes phone)
That was Tully's guy.
Just heard from County.
Juice put shit in motion.
All right, let's go.
(Chibs whistles)
Wake up.
(engines starting)
My hearing is tomorrow.
I'll land in Stockton
on the parole violation.
I need you to put me in Ad Seg.
Why?
I need protection.
From who?
It's a long list.
Why'd you go all cowboy
on the CHP yesterday?
I don't like cops.
Give me the deal in writing
before the hearing,
and I'll tell you who killed
Tara Knowles and Eli Roosevelt.
We already know
it was the Chinese.
JUICE:
What you know
don't mean shit.
It's what you can prove.
UNSER:
And you could give us proof?
Names...
and the murder weapon.
Well, you're going
to have to give us
some of that proof
to take to the D.A.
Otherwise, we're just
wasting our time here.
Chris Dun.
One of Lin's guys.
There were two of them
that did the murders.
I'll give you the other name
and the location of the weapon
once I have my deal.
I'm going to need
a few days to put this...
You have until tomorrow morning.
What the hell was that about?
He gives up names for isolation?
No plea, no reduced sentence?
This is the MC.
Juice betrayed the club.
He was a dead man.
Jax let him live
because he needs him in Ad Seg.
Henry Lin is in Stockton.
They have him in segregation?
I'm sure they do, yeah.
That's what
they're using Juice for.
To get to Lin.
Pay for his sins.
He kills the Chink,
buys his way back into SAMCRO.
I'll see if I can
pull a sheet on Dun.
If we can get Gemma to ID him
as one of the guys
she saw leaving the house,
I have to make the deal, Wayne.
(Unser grunts)
Put Juice in Ad Seg.
I can give the DOC a heads-up,
but we have
to put Charming first.
Do you think he really knows
who killed Tara and Eli?
Yeah.
I do.
I'll reach out to Patterson.
You coming?
UNSER: Oh, yeah.
(Althea knocks on door)
(Wendy sighs)
GEMMA:
Uh, I'm going to go change
and get back to the cabin.
I can have Quinn
take me up there
if you want to stay here.
No, I'll take you.
Thank you.
I'm going to go check
on Thomas.
You hungry, baby?
Can I have some milk?
I got it.
WENDY:
Yeah? Okay.
Oh, shit.
What?
(muffled shriek)
WENDY:
Gemma?
Thomas.
WENDY:
Gemma!
NERO:
Hey, what's going on?
You guys okay?
Jesus Christ.
Where the hell's the baby?
I don't know.
ABEL:
What's the matter?
Uh, nothing, buddy. Why don't
you just go into the kitchen?
-I want to go in my room.
-GEMMA: No, no, no,
-not now, Abel, not now.
-BROOKE: Hey, you guys here?
-GEMMA: Go on.
-BROOKE: Gem?
-Wendy?
-Get in the kitchen.
What...
(sighs): Oh.
What's-What's going on?
Okay, okay, come on.
Come on, let's go.
Come on.
Hey.
GEMMA:
Oh...
They killed my birds.
(sobs)
ALTHEA:
Patterson's gonna put Juice
in Ad Seg for 48 hours.
When Gemma corroborates,
she'll make a deal.
Give him protection for
the length of his sentence.
You give the DOC a heads-up?
ALTHEA:
Patterson will.
Mmm, yeah.
Okay.
This could close out the murder
you joined up to solve, Wayne.
UNSER:
I know.
Something don't fit.
Gemma and Juice.
There's a piece missing.
ALTHEA:
Maybe you're too close.
Yeah. Maybe.
I hope you stay on here
after we shut the book on this.
I like having you on my team.
You're a good cop.
(Unser chuckles)
Thanks.
It's not like I got
a lot of hobbies.
Other than, uh, wai...
waiting to die.
Listen, I'm, uh...
I'm gonna go check on Eglee.
See if there's
anything she needs.
Jax.
CHIBS: Gaines.
Long time, brother.
Chibs, how you doing?
All right, good to see you.
Good to see you, too.
Jury, how are you, brother?
(Tig laughs)
Any word on Bobby?
Not yet.
Diosa, West and now Bobby.
Shit's coming apart in Charming.
We've had some setbacks.
What's so urgent
with the Triads?
This isn't about the Triads.
Someone gave us up to Lin.
Gave up the location
of our Chinese guns.
That's why West was killed.
Our girls slaughtered.
JURY:
Someone?
You were the only other one
who knew the location
of that warehouse.
You better have all your facts
before you throw that
kind of accusation at me.
I know Gib O'Leary was your son.
You should've come to us.
I didn't know you were gonna
kill two innocent men.
That shotgun you used?
The same one I used
during the Chinese firefight.
Mm-hmm.
JURY:
I didn't raise Gib.
I only saw him twice
in 20 years.
He looked me up
when he got back from Iraq.
We were just getting
to know each other.
None of my guys
knew he was my son.
And I didn't say anything
about finding him dead.
You should've told me.
Ratting us out to the Chinese...
It only made things worse.
I wanted you dead, Jackson.
But I'm no rat.
I didn't tell Lin shit.
I don't believe that.
JURY:
So what now?
You gonna gun me down
without a mayhem vote?
Is that who you are now?
Don't try to put this
on me, Jury.
You're the one
who betrayed the patch.
Wait.
You had the chance to be
something good for this club.
Something your old man
always wanted.
But you turned
into everything he hated.
You became the poison.
The reason he checked out.
Checked out of what?
I was the only one
JT trusted at the end.
JAX: You weren't even a member
of the club back then.
That's why.
I knew the life,
but I didn't wear his patch.
I was just a friend.
A safe ear.
So what did he tell you?
JURY:
John couldn't live
with what the club had become.
But he also couldn't bring
himself to take it down.
Take it down how?
JURY:
He wrote some kind of book.
I never read it.
But whatever was in it,
if it would have gotten out...
would've destroyed the Sons
and tore apart his family.
What do you think happened
to your old man that day?
Out on 580?
Clay sabotaged his bike.
JURY:
Yeah, we heard those rumors.
But there was one thing
that didn't hook up for me.
That Panhead was
an extension of John--
he would've known if anything
was wrong with it
the second he kicked it over.
Meaning what?
You think my old man ran into
that semi on purpose?
JURY:
I don't know.
Maybe it was his sacrifice.
A way of letting his club
and family survive.
My old man didn't kill himself.
JURY:
It doesn't matter.
As long as he ain't here to see
what SAMCRO did to you.
-GAINES: Hey, hey, hey.
-CHIBS: Hey.
What the hell did you do?!
Jury admitted he was the one
who ratted us to the Chinese.
I hit him, he went for his gun.
Jesus Christ. The Chinese?
-What are you talking about?!
-(phone rings)
Fill him in.
Fill me in?
You just killed my president.
-You can't walk away from this!
-Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Easy, easy, easy.
There's history here,
understand?
Jax, it's Quinn.
Something happened at Gemma's.
GAINES:
This shit is gonna vibrate
throughout
the whole organization!
Your boy's out of control!
-And he's going down.
-Hey, hey!
My boy ain't going anywhere.
You understand?
-Do you understand?
-JAX: Chibs.
Chibs!
-We got to go-- now.
-TIG: Come on.
Now!
(engines start)
(motorcycles departing)
(car horn honks)
GEMMA: What you making there,
sweetheart?
You want to tell Grandma
what happened today?
Why'd you hit that kid?
I don't like him.
GEMMA:
Did he hit you?
Tease you?
I don't know.
GEMMA: You know,
you hurt him real bad, Abel.
Did you know that?
-It was a accident.
-(motorcycles approaching)
(engines stop)
GEMMA:
Do you understand
what an accident is?
Do you?
(footsteps approaching)
Hey, buddy.
I heard you had a rough day.
I'll be back in a minute,
all right?
Stay with Grandma.
Jesus Christ.
NERO:
They had to get in when, uh,
we went to get Abel.
Quinn was out with Brooke.
I guess they must have been
watching the house.
JAX:
Yeah.
Could you give me a minute
with my guys?
NERO:
Yeah, okay.
I'm staying here tonight.
Can have a few of my guys, uh,
sit out front if you need Quinn.
JAX:
Thanks.
TIG:
What do we do about Bobby?
We're running
out of time, Jackie.
JAX:
Yeah, I know.
All right, call Tyler.
Have him set up
a meet with Moses.
I'll give him the body
and the statement.
But I am not handing over
the mother and kid
for August to kill.
Aye.
Let's go, guys. Come on.
(door shuts)
Still haven't heard
a word from your crew.
You sure there's nothing
you want to tell us?
Yeah.
(sighs)
Suck my big white dick.
Good for you.
You got balls.
Most guys would've caved by now.
SOLDIER:
We got a call.
MOSES:
Teller finally reached out.
Unfortunately...
he made the mistake of thinking
the terms were negotiable.
(grunting)
(Bobby grunting)
(Bobby shouting)
Tyler got a hold of Moses.
Gave him your offer.
Hasn't got back to him yet.
Maybe he's got to track down
Marks himself.
Anything you need to tell me
about what went down with Jury?
Nothing you don't know.
We have to be careful
with this, brother.
This Redwood war...
it's making some of the other
charters a wee bit nervous.
Beginning to impact
our relationships
with some of our friends
in the northwest.
This morning you told me
I needed to stay on point.
That's what I did.
Jury is part of this now, too.
I know.
But the way
it went down, Jackie...
there's gonna be questions...
about the rights and the wrongs
of the whole thing.
It was self-defense.
CHIBS:
Aye.
But to Indian Hills...
it looked more like murder.
What did it look like to you?
It looked like
a very complicated situation.
I'm just saying
we should get ready
for the heat
that this may bring.
I'm ready.
(Chibs grunts)
Aye?
Yeah.
(click)
NERO:
I offered it to Jax,
but I don't think
the MC can cover it.
So I found another buyer.
So, yeah,
I'm selling my piece of Diosa.
Wow. That's great.
Yeah.
My uncle said I can move
down there whenever I want.
Don't even have to wait
for the escrow to clear.
So when are you going?
As soon as I can clean up
things in Stockton.
I got to figure out
some things for Lucius.
Like...
how to get him
some help down there.
WENDY:
Well, I can make some calls.
I know a lot of OT people.
-NERO: Yeah?
-Yeah.
That'd be great.
Does Gemma know?
NERO:
Yeah.
I could use some help
with that, too.
Listen, I want...
I want her, you and the boys
to come down there.
There's plenty of room.
Lucius would love to have
other kids around him.
God, Jax and Gemma will never
let Abel and Thomas leave.
After today,
how could they let 'em stay?
♪ ♪
(door opens)
TIG:
From Moses.
♪ ♪
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org